It is Leon who enters, what kind of mind I was really looking forward to from secret money Jibanyan finally
Let's open if released
I wanted to open it already, it came to taste, it was a great pleasure for this disorder
In fact, it seems to be released to Chogo Robot in July of this year
Product link
It is Robo Nyan about a surprise and you but if there
Then I'll buy absolute even great or the other seam
I 'm Jibanyan and I do not want to open up my cell phone early
I guess Eenanda opened this yea reached
I'm going to have a blister, please at the same time
What
This is the pedestal of the rumored monster watch
Hey this way, but the sound is pretty big to make the split will come out also good lens portion Sappa This
A substitute for making it stand up
Not so much
I feel like it, but I know that tape is pasted very strictly already
The full length size is 12 centimeters alcohol quite large
Also Ya the possibly yes Oh data magnetic field Nyan this is thought thought the ultra-issue machine
It looks amazing
Hahahahahahahahahaha face part is surprisingly
I wonder if plastic or not
It is something the body is cold called the view all
High school I'm anyway heavy this side is not really cool is
Or Rutto Bodiga felt touched a felt face-ish is made of super alloy looks plastic
This is a good proportion
After all because it is not similar with Kutchika
The size is okay, but it's easy to decorate.
It does about half a pinch hitter because the plastic model system of Yottobi' chestnut Jibanyan is this size
About half including
Entered this much when compared to what it among the best in the Standard Naa plum
It is a sense of exquisite size about five times
In fact, the fact is a bit behind you
Large straight sit this which part I wonder concoction lantern using something like Kana pedestal
Hmmm
Not listed
It is not listed, so you are a Chokin Yokai Medal
It seems that this is included
This is good, yes, it's a completely silver framed monster monster but it's very heavy
Certainly superalloy
And clearly larger than normal monster medals
Specter medal of this series I want in about this good I wonder softening 500 yen
But maybe Robo Nyan will have a superalloy day 8
Other items include a water bottle like a
In Ha' wants to pull this is scary scary over
Dechochoi and dangerous dangerous turn at pulling love there
There is switched me dangerous ne Oh wow margarine tea
A little hard
Moment I two buildings Gachotto switched Te moth Chat
I 'll buy it by spinning it and spinning it
What kind of thing
Yeah there will be various expressions Oh
A little hard
Is it called Carterphy ?
And chop even this I hope that the expression change is much better than I thought Plastic machine
I Quality is worth the certainly after the death of because it is insanely high in
The following is a spa day and I wish want to know Zehnder also Toka Bushinyan of Robonyan
Anyway, it was a super fun toy for the time being, but the feeling of touching a little was quite impressive
was
This is kinda a detailed video of another body will have a reason in the super alloy Jibanyan up
I put it in the explanatory note below
Opening Li bidet of greater than or equal to super alloy Jibanyan
Ah ah ah ah
Huh Hahha'
Maybe yeah yeah yeah
The
I will
w
tan
Hmm